# Looking Glass Island
- Created in 2015 (I think?)
- Using GameMaker
- Notes about this written November 2024
---
I have extremely fond memories of working on this, but sadly... I do not remember the order in which these executables were compiled, and I do not remember the progression of the project. All I know is that I was very inspired by Fallout, but also somehow Star Wars and Kingdom Hearts. And that it was extremely playful, I wasn't very serious I think I was just having fun. I think this was an attempt at an open world RPG, but the set of mechanics is unclear because between each of these builds there are different features and ideas being explored. Project Hero Pre-Alpha 0.1 is probably the earliest build. HERO 0.2 - A progression from 0.1 maybe. Protoria Never 0.0.0.1 - A very chaotic deviation into more of an action RPG? It appears I added lightsaber combat, a leveling system (where it plays a dubstep remix of skrille ruffneck mixed with Patrick Star's yelling on level up), and village murderering. Looking Glass Island 0.2 - This one appears a lot more like a game with a direction to it, it has a HUD, a title screen, saving and loading (although idk if that works). However it seems like a lot of things seen in previous builds either got axed or I attempted to remake or improve but did not finish, so in some ways it's a downgrade even though it's the most recent version (I think). I think also it's possible some of the material or dialogue in these builds is inappropriate, like I said I was not very serious and probably not very mature either.
